1. [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/): Given two strings, find the minimum window in the first string that contains all the characters from the second string. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

2. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/): Given a string, find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

3. [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/): Given a string, find the length of the longest substring that contains only repeating characters. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

4. [Longest Subarray of 1's After Deleting One Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-subarray-of-1s-after-deleting-one-element/): Given a binary array, find the maximum number of consecutive 1s in this array if you can flip at most one 0. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

5. [Max Consecutive Ones III](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones-iii/): Given a binary array, find the maximum number of consecutive 1s in this array if you can flip at most k 0s. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

6. [Longest Continuous Subarray with Absolute Diff Less Than or Equal to Limit](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-continuous-subarray-with-absolute-diff-less-than-or-equal-to-limit/): Given an array of integers nums and an integer limit, return the size of the longest non-empty subarray such that the absolute difference between any two elements of this subarray is less than or equal to limit. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

7. [Fruit Into Buskets](https://leetcode.com/problems/fruit-into-baskets/): Given an array of integers nums and an integer limit, return the size of the longest non-empty subarray such that the absolute difference between any two elements of this subarray is less than or equal to limit. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

8. [Grumpy Bookstore Owner](https://leetcode.com/problems/grumpy-bookstore-owner/): Today, the bookstore owner has a store open for customers.length minutes. Every minute, some number of customers (customers[i]) enter the store, and all those customers leave after the end of that minute. On some minutes, the bookstore owner is grumpy. If the bookstore owner is grumpy on the i-th minute, grumpy[i] = 1, otherwise grumpy[i] = 0. When the bookstore owner is grumpy, the customers of that minute are not satisfied, otherwise, they are satisfied. The bookstore owner knows a secret technique to keep themselves not grumpy for minutes minutes straight, but can only use it once. Return the maximum number of customers that can be satisfied throughout the day. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

9. [Maximum Points You Can Obtain from Cards](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-points-you-can-obtain-from-cards/): There are several cards arranged in a row, and each card has an associated number of points The points are given in the integer array cardPoints. In one step, you can take one card from the beginning or from the end of the row. You have to take exactly k cards. Your score is the sum of the points of the cards you have taken. Given the integer array cardPoints and the integer k, return the maximum score you can obtain. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

10. [Minimum Operations to Reduce X to Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-operations-to-reduce-x-to-zero/): You are given an integer array nums and an integer x. In one operation, you can either remove the leftmost or the rightmost element from the array nums and subtract its value from x. Note that this modifies the array for future operations. Return the minimum number of operations to reduce x to exactly 0 if it's possible, otherwise, return -1. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

11. [Subarrays with K Different Integers](https://leetcode.com/problems/subarrays-with-k-different-integers/): Given an array nums of positive integers, call a (contiguous, not necessarily distinct) subarray of nums good if the number of different integers in that subarray is exactly k. (For example, [1,2,3,1,2] has 3 different integers: 1, 2, and 3.) Return the number of good subarrays of nums. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

12. [Find All Anagrams in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-anagrams-in-a-string/): Given two strings s and p, return an array of all the start indices of p's anagrams in s. You may return the answer in any order. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

13. [Permutation in String](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-in-string/): Given two strings s1 and s2, return true if s2 contains a permutation of s1, or false otherwise. In other words, return true if one of s1's permutations is the substring of s2. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

14. [Find K-Length Substrings With No Repeated Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-length-substrings-with-no-repeated-characters/): Given a string s and an integer k, return the number of substrings in s of length k with no repeated characters. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.

15. [Longest Turbulent Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-turbulent-subarray/): Given an integer array arr, return the length of a maximum size turbulent subarray of arr. A subarray is turbulent if the comparison sign flips between each adjacent pair of elements in the subarray. More formally, a subarray [arr[i], arr[i + 1], ..., arr[j]] of arr is said to be turbulent if and only if: For i <= k < j: arr[k] > arr[k + 1] when k is odd, and arr[k] < arr[k + 1] when k is even. Or, for i <= k < j: arr[k] > arr[k + 1] when k is even, and arr[k] < arr[k + 1] when k is odd. This variant uses two pointers to create a sliding window.